Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to create the rest of the category screen.
But before then you can see over here what I simply did was to upload a lots of products for various
categories, not to create the screen.
What we have to do is to head back to our Via Xcode and in the last lecture we created this new file
called Women Gallery.
And what we can basically just do is to alight and use control and see to copy.
And in the women gallery we are going to paste this.
Okay.
And now we have to rename it, right.
So over a light and use control and Z to a light.
All the similar names.
Okay.
And now we can change this to women.
Gallery and screen.
And this time around, we want to retrieve just women.
Close.
Right.
Okay, now, before we halt, we start this, we have to go back to the home screen and.
And.
Instead of this, we have to get rid of this and we have to call the women.
Women Gallery.
Gallery screen.
Okay.
And over here highlights and sorry a light and use control and that's important.
It's going to take some time because I think I'm doing it for the first time now.
Okay.
OC imports.
This OC seems good.
And what I also did was to upload some products for the electronics.
So what we could just do is.
Over a year.
I'm going to change this to maybe the electronic electronics.
Four for the electronics category and it is of kids.
I'm going to change this to electronics lecture.
Hopefully I can spell.
Okay.
Electronics and use control needs to save.
And this should be electronics.
Now.
Okay.
Maybe we just have to halt.
We start.
But before then, what we can just do is to create a new phy for the electronics and.
Electronics electronic underscore gallery.
Gallery.
Dot gallery on the screen.
Then the dots.
Okay.
And we are just going to pace this over here.
And I think women.
And okay.
And then I'm just going to find that products I uploaded for the electronics.
This is for electronics.
Okay.
And I'm just going to copy this.
And that's how I avoid a spelling mistake.
And where is equal to this electronics?
Right.
The key is control and save.
And we also have to create a new file for the shoes and shoes on the score gallery, on the score screen
and all the art.
And we have to pay this advisory.
Okay.
And a light.
Sorry, a light and controversy.
Okay.
Sorry.
We did not change the name of the class.
We also do need to change the name, of course.
Okay.
A light and use control to a light.
Similar name and change it once.
This is going to be a lick.
From Nick Galloway.
Screen.
Okay.
For the shoes.
We have to pay this.
And we could just get rid of this command.
It is no longer needed.
Okay.
And this is going to be just a light and contrarian data, a light similar name.
I like this.
It's trendy.
Okay.
And this is going to be shoes.
Gallery.
Then screen.
And this is going to be shoes.
Right.
You can try and save.
And you can see over here, we basically just did for the for the main gallery.
When we are we are only able to click men, women and electronics.
And recently I did shoot for shows behind the scene.
Right.
So what we can also do, we can also do for kids to do that, we have to head back to where we have
that upload via the upload screen and.
Over.
Okay.
You can see basically if the value is equal to shoes, then we want to change the subcategory listed
issues.
Right?
So over here we have to say elseif again.
I remember I said I did this behind the scene, so just should hand in electronics.
Right?
Okay.
I basically just added the shoes behind the scene and now we want to have kids together.
So this is going to be a value is equal or equal and kids.
It is equal for kids.
Then we want to change the subcategory subcategories to be equal for kids.
Okay, kids.
Okay.
This is basically it and you can just do it for the rest.
We could also do for beauty and so on.
You can just do for us.
And now what we basically just have to do is to hold restart this.
Okay.
And.
Sorry for the delay.
I think I have a very slow PC.
Hopefully I'll get a new one.
Okay.
Sorry.
Taking longer than expected.
And you just have to go ahead and try yours.
And definitely there will be no hurdles.
Okay, now we can try this out ourselves and it's going to hurt to start this.
And I'm just going to log into my store.
Sorry.
Was.
Few more stir.
So few more, sir.
Gmail dot com.
And what is.
B.
C.
I'm just going to check to make sure the password is correct and log in.
Okay.
It's going to take some time to.
Don, this is the man.
You can see we have a lot of products over here, but just the men are retrieving the wire.
Right.
And we basically have opted for product and that's good check for the women.
And.
Let's see.
You can see now we have four products for the women.
Sounds good.
And let's check for the electronics and you can see.
Okay, we also have to change this.
And back to the home.
Home and scroll down.
And we have to get rid of this center.
And use what?
Use words.
The electronics.
Electronics.
If I didn't spell this correct, you can do well to correct yours.
And lastly, we have to change this to say shoes.
She is gallery.
Screen and hold.
We start again.
Okay.
Sorry for the delay.
I'm just going to get in you pa for PC.
To make life easier for me.
But for now, we just have to manage.
Okay.
It's going to hurt.
We start this.
Okay.
And we have to famous store or you can just log into the customers accounts.
For moisture it's Gmail dot com and the password is MSE and check to make sure the password is correct
and log in.
This is the main category and we have the women category and we also do have the electronics.
You can see just electronics are going to be displayed.
We then have the shoes and those shoes are going to be displayed.
You can just have multiple categories.
And if you forgot not to do that, I think you already know how to do this now.
You can just add for various categories and set all those up.
Okay.
You can see.
We man.
Men and women and.
Sims go.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.